.header.md, before:

### Architectural Diagram

![Kong](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3dda9db7-cf8e-4cd2-a507-4e50f9252ffe)

# Prerequisites for Setting Up AWS SSM Parameters

To configure and manage your AWS resources and GitHub Actions using Secure String parameters in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store, follow the steps below to add the required parameters:

## AWS CLI Installation

Ensure you have the AWS CLI installed on your machine. You can install the AWS CLI using the following commands based on your operating system:

### Windows
```sh
msiexec.exe /i https://awscli.amazonaws.com/AWSCLIV2.msi
```

### macOS
```sh
brew install awscli
```

### Linux
```sh
curl "https://awscli.amazonaws.com/awscli-exe-linux-x86_64.zip" -o "awscliv2.zip"
unzip awscliv2.zip
sudo ./aws/install
```

## AWS CLI Configuration

Configure the AWS CLI with your AWS credentials and region. Run the following command and follow the prompts to enter your AWS Access Key, Secret Access Key, and default region:

```sh
aws configure
```

## Adding Parameters to AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store

Use the following commands to add the required parameters to AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store. These parameters are necessary for configuring your PostgreSQL database and GitHub Actions.

### RDS Parameters

```sh
aws ssm put-parameter --name "/rds/POSTGRES_USERNAME" --value "value" --type "SecureString"
aws ssm put-parameter --name "/rds/POSTGRES_PASSWORD" --value "value" --type "SecureString"
aws ssm put-parameter --name "/rds/POSTGRES_DB_NAME" --value "value" --type "SecureString"
```

### GitHub Parameters

```sh
aws ssm put-parameter --name "/github-action/GITHUB_ORG" --value "value" --type "SecureString"
aws ssm put-parameter --name "/github-action/GITHUB_REPO" --value "value" --type "SecureString"
aws ssm put-parameter --name "/github-action/GITHUB_TOKEN" --value "value" --type "SecureString"
```

## Verifying Parameter Storage

After adding the parameters, you can verify their storage in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store using the following command:

```sh
aws ssm get-parameters --names "/rds/POSTGRES_USERNAME" "/rds/POSTGRES_PASSWORD" "/rds/POSTGRES_DB_NAME" "/github-action/GITHUB_ORG" "/github-action/GITHUB_REPO" "/github-action/GITHUB_TOKEN" --with-decryption
```

This command will display the values of the stored parameters, ensuring they have been added correctly.

Commit message:

docs: add important note in the header

.header.md, after:

# Architectural Diagram

![Kong](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3dda9db7-cf8e-4cd2-a507-4e50f9252ffe)

# Prerequisites for Setting Up AWS SSM Parameters

To configure and manage your AWS resources and GitHub Actions using Secure String parameters in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store, follow the steps below to add the required parameters:

# Important Note

This setup assumes that the ECS cluster and Auto Scaling Group (ASG) exist with the name default. If you are using different names, you can provide those in the variables section of your Terraform configuration.

## AWS CLI Installation

Ensure you have the AWS CLI installed on your machine. You can install the AWS CLI using the following commands based on your operating system:

### Windows
```sh
msiexec.exe /i https://awscli.amazonaws.com/AWSCLIV2.msi
```

### macOS
```sh
brew install awscli
```

### Linux
```sh
curl "https://awscli.amazonaws.com/awscli-exe-linux-x86_64.zip" -o "awscliv2.zip"
unzip awscliv2.zip
sudo ./aws/install
```

## AWS CLI Configuration

Configure the AWS CLI with your AWS credentials and region. Run the following command and follow the prompts to enter your AWS Access Key, Secret Access Key, and default region:

```sh
aws configure
```

## Adding Parameters to AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store

Use the following commands to add the required parameters to AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store. These parameters are necessary for configuring your PostgreSQL database and GitHub Actions.

### RDS Parameters

```sh
aws ssm put-parameter --name "/rds/POSTGRES_USERNAME" --value "value" --type "SecureString"
aws ssm put-parameter --name "/rds/POSTGRES_PASSWORD" --value "value" --type "SecureString"
aws ssm put-parameter --name "/rds/POSTGRES_DB_NAME" --value "value" --type "SecureString"
```

### GitHub Parameters

```sh
aws ssm put-parameter --name "/github-action/GITHUB_ORG" --value "value" --type "SecureString"
aws ssm put-parameter --name "/github-action/GITHUB_REPO" --value "value" --type "SecureString"
aws ssm put-parameter --name "/github-action/GITHUB_TOKEN" --value "value" --type "SecureString"
```

## Verifying Parameter Storage

After adding the parameters, you can verify their storage in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store using the following command:

```sh
aws ssm get-parameters --names "/rds/POSTGRES_USERNAME" "/rds/POSTGRES_PASSWORD" "/rds/POSTGRES_DB_NAME" "/github-action/GITHUB_ORG" "/github-action/GITHUB_REPO" "/github-action/GITHUB_TOKEN" --with-decryption
```

This command will display the values of the stored parameters, ensuring they have been added correctly.
