examples/complete/README.md, before:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
### Example Variable Values

Here is an example of how to define the variable values in your `terraform.tfvars` file:

```hcl
vpc_id                  = "vpc-12345678"
public_subnet_ids       = ["subnet-abcdef01", "subnet-abcdef02"]
private_subnet_ids      = ["subnet-abcdef03", "subnet-abcdef04"]
kong_public_domain_name = "api.example.com"
kong_admin_domain_name  = "admin-api.example.com"

rds_instance_class                    = "db.t3.medium"
db_max_allocated_storage              = 100
manage_master_user_password           = true
backup_retention_period               = 7
deletion_protection                   = true
create_db_subnet_group                = true
performance_insights_enabled          = true
performance_insights_retention_period = 7
rds_db_tags                           = {
  Environment = "production"
  Team        = "devops"
}
multi_az                              = true
backup_window                         = "07:00-09:00"
maintenance_window                    = "Mon:00:00-Mon:03:00"

cluster_name                   = "default"
ssl_policy                     = "ELBSecurityPolicy-2016-08"
container_image                = "kong:2.5"
log_configuration_for_kong     = {
  log_driver = "awslogs"
  options    = {
    "awslogs-group"         = "/ecs/kong"
    "awslogs-region"        = "ap-south-1"
    "awslogs-stream-prefix" = "kong"
  }
}
cpu_for_kong_task              = 512
memory_for_kong_task           = 1024
desired_count_for_kong_service = 2
force_new_deployment           = true
postgres_engine_version        = 16.3
postgres_major_engine_version  = 16
route53_assume_role_arn        = arn:aws:iam::aws-account-id:role/role-name
region                         = us-east-1
```

Place this `terraform.tfvars` file in the same directory as your Terraform configuration to automatically load these values. Adjust the values as needed to fit your specific environment and requirements.

## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.13.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 6.0 |

## Providers

No providers.

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_kong"></a> [kong](#module\_kong) | ../../ | n/a |

## Resources

No resources.

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_backup_retention_period"></a> [backup\_retention\_period](#input\_backup\_retention\_period) | The number of days to retain backups | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_backup_window"></a> [backup\_window](#input\_backup\_window) | The daily time range (in UTC) during which automated backups are created if they are enabled | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_cluster_name"></a> [cluster\_name](#input\_cluster\_name) | Name of the cluster | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_container_image"></a> [container\_image](#input\_container\_image) | Container image for kong | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_cpu_for_kong_task"></a> [cpu\_for\_kong\_task](#input\_cpu\_for\_kong\_task) | CPU required for kong task definiton | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_create_db_subnet_group"></a> [create\_db\_subnet\_group](#input\_create\_db\_subnet\_group) | Whether to create a DB subnet group | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_max_allocated_storage"></a> [db\_max\_allocated\_storage](#input\_db\_max\_allocated\_storage) | The maximum amount of allocated storage in GBs | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_deletion_protection"></a> [deletion\_protection](#input\_deletion\_protection) | Whether to enable deletion protection | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_desired_count_for_kong_service"></a> [desired\_count\_for\_kong\_service](#input\_desired\_count\_for\_kong\_service) | Desired count for kong service | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_force_new_deployment"></a> [force\_new\_deployment](#input\_force\_new\_deployment) | Whether to force new deployment | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_kong_admin_domain_name"></a> [kong\_admin\_domain\_name](#input\_kong\_admin\_domain\_name) | The admin domain name for Kong | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_kong_public_domain_name"></a> [kong\_public\_domain\_name](#input\_kong\_public\_domain\_name) | The public domain name for Kong | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_log_configuration_for_kong"></a> [log\_configuration\_for\_kong](#input\_log\_configuration\_for\_kong) | Log configuration for kong | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_maintenance_window"></a> [maintenance\_window](#input\_maintenance\_window) | The window to perform maintenance in.Syntax:ddd:hh24:mi-ddd:hh24:mi | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_manage_master_user_password"></a> [manage\_master\_user\_password](#input\_manage\_master\_user\_password) | Whether to manage master user password | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_memory_for_kong_task"></a> [memory\_for\_kong\_task](#input\_memory\_for\_kong\_task) | Memory required for kong task definiton | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_multi_az"></a> [multi\_az](#input\_multi\_az) | Specifies if the RDS instance is multi-AZ | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_performance_insights_enabled"></a> [performance\_insights\_enabled](#input\_performance\_insights\_enabled) | Whether to enable performance insights | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_performance_insights_retention_period"></a> [performance\_insights\_retention\_period](#input\_performance\_insights\_retention\_period) | The retention period for performance insights | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_postgres_engine_version"></a> [postgres\_engine\_version](#input\_postgres\_engine\_version) | The version of the Postgres engine | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_postgres_major_engine_version"></a> [postgres\_major\_engine\_version](#input\_postgres\_major\_engine\_version) | The major version of the Postgres engine | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_private_subnet_ids"></a> [private\_subnet\_ids](#input\_private\_subnet\_ids) | List of private subnet IDs | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_public_subnet_ids"></a> [public\_subnet\_ids](#input\_public\_subnet\_ids) | List of public subnet IDs | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_rds_db_tags"></a> [rds\_db\_tags](#input\_rds\_db\_tags) | List of tags | `map(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_rds_instance_class"></a> [rds\_instance\_class](#input\_rds\_instance\_class) | The instance class to use | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | The AWS region | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_route53_assume_role_arn"></a> [route53\_assume\_role\_arn](#input\_route53\_assume\_role\_arn) | IAM role ARN for cross-account Route53 access. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_ssl_policy"></a> [ssl\_policy](#input\_ssl\_policy) | (Optional) Name of the SSL Policy for the listener. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vpc_id"></a> [vpc\_id](#input\_vpc\_id) | The ID of the VPC | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

fix: Provision for making force deletion of s3
* fix: Provision for making force deletion of s3.

* terraform-docs: automated action

* terraform-docs: automated action

* fix(ci): Allow semantic-release to analyze PR merge commits

The release preview workflow was failing because semantic-release
detected it was running on refs/pull/*/merge instead of the actual
branch, causing it to skip release analysis.

Changes:
- Unset GITHUB_EVENT_NAME to remove pull_request context
- Set GITHUB_EVENT_NAME=push to treat PR as push event
- Add PR merge ref to allowed branches list

This allows the preview to show what release version will be created.

* ci: check preview release.

---------

Co-authored-by: rahul-infra <rahul.sayam@infraspec.dev>
Co-authored-by: github-actions[bot] <github-actions[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

examples/complete/README.md, after:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
### Example Variable Values

Here is an example of how to define the variable values in your `terraform.tfvars` file:

```hcl
vpc_id                  = "vpc-12345678"
public_subnet_ids       = ["subnet-abcdef01", "subnet-abcdef02"]
private_subnet_ids      = ["subnet-abcdef03", "subnet-abcdef04"]
kong_public_domain_name = "api.example.com"
kong_admin_domain_name  = "admin-api.example.com"

rds_instance_class                    = "db.t3.medium"
db_max_allocated_storage              = 100
manage_master_user_password           = true
backup_retention_period               = 7
deletion_protection                   = true
create_db_subnet_group                = true
performance_insights_enabled          = true
performance_insights_retention_period = 7
rds_db_tags                           = {
  Environment = "production"
  Team        = "devops"
}
multi_az                              = true
backup_window                         = "07:00-09:00"
maintenance_window                    = "Mon:00:00-Mon:03:00"

cluster_name                   = "default"
ssl_policy                     = "ELBSecurityPolicy-2016-08"
container_image                = "kong:2.5"
log_configuration_for_kong     = {
  log_driver = "awslogs"
  options    = {
    "awslogs-group"         = "/ecs/kong"
    "awslogs-region"        = "ap-south-1"
    "awslogs-stream-prefix" = "kong"
  }
}
cpu_for_kong_task              = 512
memory_for_kong_task           = 1024
desired_count_for_kong_service = 2
force_new_deployment           = true
postgres_engine_version        = 16.3
postgres_major_engine_version  = 16
route53_assume_role_arn        = arn:aws:iam::aws-account-id:role/role-name
region                         = us-east-1
```

Place this `terraform.tfvars` file in the same directory as your Terraform configuration to automatically load these values. Adjust the values as needed to fit your specific environment and requirements.

## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.13.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 6.0 |

## Providers

No providers.

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_kong"></a> [kong](#module\_kong) | ../../ | n/a |

## Resources

No resources.

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_backup_retention_period"></a> [backup\_retention\_period](#input\_backup\_retention\_period) | The number of days to retain backups | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_backup_window"></a> [backup\_window](#input\_backup\_window) | The daily time range (in UTC) during which automated backups are created if they are enabled | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_cluster_name"></a> [cluster\_name](#input\_cluster\_name) | Name of the cluster | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_container_image"></a> [container\_image](#input\_container\_image) | Container image for kong | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_cpu_for_kong_task"></a> [cpu\_for\_kong\_task](#input\_cpu\_for\_kong\_task) | CPU required for kong task definiton | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_create_db_subnet_group"></a> [create\_db\_subnet\_group](#input\_create\_db\_subnet\_group) | Whether to create a DB subnet group | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_max_allocated_storage"></a> [db\_max\_allocated\_storage](#input\_db\_max\_allocated\_storage) | The maximum amount of allocated storage in GBs | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_deletion_protection"></a> [deletion\_protection](#input\_deletion\_protection) | Whether to enable deletion protection | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_desired_count_for_kong_service"></a> [desired\_count\_for\_kong\_service](#input\_desired\_count\_for\_kong\_service) | Desired count for kong service | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_force_new_deployment"></a> [force\_new\_deployment](#input\_force\_new\_deployment) | Whether to force new deployment | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_kong_admin_domain_name"></a> [kong\_admin\_domain\_name](#input\_kong\_admin\_domain\_name) | The admin domain name for Kong | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_kong_public_domain_name"></a> [kong\_public\_domain\_name](#input\_kong\_public\_domain\_name) | The public domain name for Kong | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_log_configuration_for_kong"></a> [log\_configuration\_for\_kong](#input\_log\_configuration\_for\_kong) | Log configuration for kong | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_maintenance_window"></a> [maintenance\_window](#input\_maintenance\_window) | The window to perform maintenance in.Syntax:ddd:hh24:mi-ddd:hh24:mi | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_manage_master_user_password"></a> [manage\_master\_user\_password](#input\_manage\_master\_user\_password) | Whether to manage master user password | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_memory_for_kong_task"></a> [memory\_for\_kong\_task](#input\_memory\_for\_kong\_task) | Memory required for kong task definiton | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_multi_az"></a> [multi\_az](#input\_multi\_az) | Specifies if the RDS instance is multi-AZ | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_performance_insights_enabled"></a> [performance\_insights\_enabled](#input\_performance\_insights\_enabled) | Whether to enable performance insights | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_performance_insights_retention_period"></a> [performance\_insights\_retention\_period](#input\_performance\_insights\_retention\_period) | The retention period for performance insights | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_postgres_engine_version"></a> [postgres\_engine\_version](#input\_postgres\_engine\_version) | The version of the Postgres engine | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_postgres_major_engine_version"></a> [postgres\_major\_engine\_version](#input\_postgres\_major\_engine\_version) | The major version of the Postgres engine | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_private_subnet_ids"></a> [private\_subnet\_ids](#input\_private\_subnet\_ids) | List of private subnet IDs | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_public_subnet_ids"></a> [public\_subnet\_ids](#input\_public\_subnet\_ids) | List of public subnet IDs | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_rds_db_tags"></a> [rds\_db\_tags](#input\_rds\_db\_tags) | List of tags | `map(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_rds_instance_class"></a> [rds\_instance\_class](#input\_rds\_instance\_class) | The instance class to use | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | The AWS region | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_route53_assume_role_arn"></a> [route53\_assume\_role\_arn](#input\_route53\_assume\_role\_arn) | IAM role ARN for cross-account Route53 access. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_s3_bucket_force_destroy"></a> [s3\_bucket\_force\_destroy](#input\_s3\_bucket\_force\_destroy) | Whether to force destroy the S3 bucket used for Kong logs | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_ssl_policy"></a> [ssl\_policy](#input\_ssl\_policy) | (Optional) Name of the SSL Policy for the listener. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vpc_id"></a> [vpc\_id](#input\_vpc\_id) | The ID of the VPC | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
