examples/cross-account/README.md, before:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
### Example Variable Values

Here is an example of how to define the variable values in your `terraform.tfvars` file:

```hcl
vpc_id                  = "vpc-12345678"
public_subnet_ids       = ["subnet-abcdef01", "subnet-abcdef02"]
private_subnet_ids      = ["subnet-abcdef03", "subnet-abcdef04"]
kong_public_domain_name = "api.example.com"
kong_admin_domain_name  = "admin-api.example.com"
region                  = "us-east-1"
route53_assume_role_arn = "arn:aws:iam::account-id:role/role-id"
```

Place this `terraform.tfvars` file in the same directory as your Terraform configuration to automatically load these values. Adjust the values as needed to fit your specific environment and requirements.

## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.13.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 6.0 |

## Providers

No providers.

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_kong"></a> [kong](#module\_kong) | ../../ | n/a |

## Resources

No resources.

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_cluster_name"></a> [cluster\_name](#input\_cluster\_name) | Name of the cluster | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_kong_admin_domain_name"></a> [kong\_admin\_domain\_name](#input\_kong\_admin\_domain\_name) | The admin domain name for Kong | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_kong_public_domain_name"></a> [kong\_public\_domain\_name](#input\_kong\_public\_domain\_name) | The public domain name for Kong | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_postgres_engine_version"></a> [postgres\_engine\_version](#input\_postgres\_engine\_version) | The version of the Postgres engine | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_postgres_major_engine_version"></a> [postgres\_major\_engine\_version](#input\_postgres\_major\_engine\_version) | The major version of the Postgres engine | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_private_subnet_ids"></a> [private\_subnet\_ids](#input\_private\_subnet\_ids) | List of private subnet IDs | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_public_subnet_ids"></a> [public\_subnet\_ids](#input\_public\_subnet\_ids) | List of public subnet IDs | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | The AWS region | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_route53_assume_role_arn"></a> [route53\_assume\_role\_arn](#input\_route53\_assume\_role\_arn) | The ARN of the DNS role | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_vpc_id"></a> [vpc\_id](#input\_vpc\_id) | The ID of the VPC | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

fix: Provision for making force deletion of s3
* fix: Provision for making force deletion of s3.

* terraform-docs: automated action

* terraform-docs: automated action

* fix(ci): Allow semantic-release to analyze PR merge commits

The release preview workflow was failing because semantic-release
detected it was running on refs/pull/*/merge instead of the actual
branch, causing it to skip release analysis.

Changes:
- Unset GITHUB_EVENT_NAME to remove pull_request context
- Set GITHUB_EVENT_NAME=push to treat PR as push event
- Add PR merge ref to allowed branches list

This allows the preview to show what release version will be created.

* ci: check preview release.

---------

Co-authored-by: rahul-infra <rahul.sayam@infraspec.dev>
Co-authored-by: github-actions[bot] <github-actions[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

examples/cross-account/README.md, after:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
### Example Variable Values

Here is an example of how to define the variable values in your `terraform.tfvars` file:

```hcl
vpc_id                  = "vpc-12345678"
public_subnet_ids       = ["subnet-abcdef01", "subnet-abcdef02"]
private_subnet_ids      = ["subnet-abcdef03", "subnet-abcdef04"]
kong_public_domain_name = "api.example.com"
kong_admin_domain_name  = "admin-api.example.com"
region                  = "us-east-1"
route53_assume_role_arn = "arn:aws:iam::account-id:role/role-id"
```

Place this `terraform.tfvars` file in the same directory as your Terraform configuration to automatically load these values. Adjust the values as needed to fit your specific environment and requirements.

## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.13.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 6.0 |

## Providers

No providers.

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_kong"></a> [kong](#module\_kong) | ../../ | n/a |

## Resources

No resources.

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_cluster_name"></a> [cluster\_name](#input\_cluster\_name) | Name of the cluster | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_kong_admin_domain_name"></a> [kong\_admin\_domain\_name](#input\_kong\_admin\_domain\_name) | The admin domain name for Kong | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_kong_public_domain_name"></a> [kong\_public\_domain\_name](#input\_kong\_public\_domain\_name) | The public domain name for Kong | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_postgres_engine_version"></a> [postgres\_engine\_version](#input\_postgres\_engine\_version) | The version of the Postgres engine | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_postgres_major_engine_version"></a> [postgres\_major\_engine\_version](#input\_postgres\_major\_engine\_version) | The major version of the Postgres engine | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_private_subnet_ids"></a> [private\_subnet\_ids](#input\_private\_subnet\_ids) | List of private subnet IDs | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_public_subnet_ids"></a> [public\_subnet\_ids](#input\_public\_subnet\_ids) | List of public subnet IDs | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | The AWS region | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_route53_assume_role_arn"></a> [route53\_assume\_role\_arn](#input\_route53\_assume\_role\_arn) | The ARN of the DNS role | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_s3_bucket_force_destroy"></a> [s3\_bucket\_force\_destroy](#input\_s3\_bucket\_force\_destroy) | Whether to force destroy the S3 bucket used for Kong logs | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_vpc_id"></a> [vpc\_id](#input\_vpc\_id) | The ID of the VPC | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
